the strongest i'm i'm pretty sure it's
not gonna be reused hahaha ryu seems it
was interesting we're talking about it
ryu seems awful in a fruit that he'd
like i was trying to play them in
doubles it's so hard because it's just
chaotic yeah like his moves he's
literally just I won't be one player
exactly so if you're trying to do it
you're like it's like an ice climbers
going in governor yeah yeah we're
definitely see that it's interesting
though to give us a character more
slated for you know the one p1
competitive scene gonna make meaning in
pretty hard though because it doubles
exactly so that means I mean so don't
drop your automation yet yeah so if
you're a rose oh no Greenpeace jumping
off the stage it's not going to come
back from that I don't know if I could
come back the gum blade with a pretty
lead now off that but I don't know
Greenpeace looked like the most
impressive Roy I think I've seen so far
yeah with all this person have you ever
seen come back he looks like he knows
whoa like he actually does have some
things like home place is going for this
I be punished yeah Wow all right
alright alright help chilled out a
shield alright that is pretty fast yeah
downbeat oh good counter from gum blade
there I just read that Greenpeace
disagreeing Roy I'm mad yeah don't blame
got green Roy like come on man you've
got that master Lord color that's right
no whatever is gone I've ever played me
neither dancing ok a lock to the bottom
of the regular trash if i rambling I
can't stand that game dude I Drive late
Emily yeah now me yeah like not much
money i have i have marks game i just
don't have Roy's yes yeah Wow up till it
again and auto spot das to end of the
perfect filter eighty-five percent is
off the stain gunblade turning that
dystrophy and the fact that comes out of
that so fast it's so good for now it
down throw ok so that leads into that
which is nice definitely take that
figure out some slow oh by the way on an
unrelated note whether the Luigi down
throw things are those confirmed or not
oh I will find out later ok got it I've
heard lots of things on both sides i'm
not sure if it's true heard of that
shook out weaker to whom i didn't really
specify what and some reason for a ninja
got buck word a portal pop off
apparently this weird the most useless
move about me
but anyway so we always try to be a
creeper he's trying to bring this back
like these are raised mo so up till
could do something I wasn't okay so i
just realized there's no time on time
amount Notre son o is the only 10 oh I
see I see em right oh come plate I think
I was dash attack yeah wow I did read
somewhere that droid esta is a reliable
kill option in this game and we just saw
that much Oh real after all I think into
a fee do this all right got it oh we
want to know what I wanted to go I want
to see you Father yes the first up
here's the thing still we reduce me out
Jigglypuff yeah copy hilarious and now
gum blade trying to claim the title is
best day one Roy here at smashing splash
sure he's well on his white flower that
this man that's cute literary just
dancing weirdest up uphill rush
man opt out come on put it up so I want
to
yeah greenbee is doing his best to come
back this SD but he gets caught I'm
sorry he got gum blade in that up smash
their got here all right I heard
somewhere i refer gum plays at roys
recoveries is what makes them pretty
leaf do you know anything about it oh it
looks fine to me but I take the top of
like a side feel like oh all right good
down special gunblade earning the title
best day one Roy here at smash it / now
you're going to see Lucas finals as well
pink fresh against uh pink fresh coming
up